Allow generating sss per matchlabel (#279)
openshift/managed-cluster-config: README.md

* matchLabels (default: `{}`) - adds additional `matchLabels` conditions to the `clusterDeploymentSelector`
* resourceApplyMode (default: `"Sync"`) - sets the `resourceApplyMode`

> * matchLabelsApplyMode (optional, default: not set) - When set as `"OR"` generates additional SSS per `matchLabels` conditions. This is to tackle a situation where we want to apply configuration to multiple labels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* matchLabelsApplyMode (optional, default: not set) - When set as `"OR"` generates a separate SSS per `matchLabels` conditions. Default behavior creates a single SSS with all `matchLabels` conditions.  This is to tackle a situation where we want to apply configuration for one of many label conditions.
```
